IMPORTANT!

WHAT YOU HAVE IN YOUR HANDS IS AN ALPHA VERSION OF PDL 2.0

GET PDL 1.11 FROM CPAN IF YOU WANT A STABLE VERSION FOR GENERAL-PURPOSE
USE!

YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!

This is an alpha version working up to 2.0 of PerlDL.
-----------------------------------------------------

Dataflow is now in place, slices seem to be working and
PDL::TriD looks nice. 

However, there are bugs and gotchas everywhere. If you really
want to use this, do join the developers mailing list.

Be warned that this version doesn't free used memory too often...

There is a new directory structure:

Basic/	   - The stuff that PDL would be no use without
Lib/	   - The stuff that PDL would still be useful without
Graphics/  - The stuff that PDL needs to make pictures
Io/	   - The stuff that PDL needs to write and read strange files

The new organization makes it possible in the future to make "PDL-Lite"
(just the Basic/ directory) if that seems necessary.

This distribution has parts at different levels of
completion - usually they are marked in the docs but here is
a brief rundown of what is good and what is something you need
to know what you're doing to use:

Basic/  	should be fairly stable.
Graphics/PG 	works, should be stable
Graphics/TriD	works but only very basic features available. Also not robust
Lib/Opt/Simplex	works
Lib/PCA.pm, ICA.pm, PCARout, DataPresenter
		These are alpha stage. Don't use if you don't know
		what you're doing
Lib/Slatec
		Should in principle work but porting is difficult.
		If you can't compile it, remove it from Lib/Makefile.PL
Io/Misc		Stable, expected to work
Io/FastRaw	Experimental but seems to work & be stable.
		A mmaped version is planned.

	Tuomas J. Lukka (lukka@fas.harvard.edu)

(orig. 1.0 readme:)

It demonsrates basic data processing functionality but has no where
near the features I would like to eventually put in it. The current
docs are in file PDL.pod.

Comments are welcome - so are volunteers to write code! Please contact
me (kgb@aaoepp.aao.gov.au) or mailing list perldl@jach.hawaii.edu
(subscription address:  perldl-request@jach.hawaii.edu) with ideas and
suggestions.

Karl Glazebrook, Anglo-Australian Observatory. 6/Oct/1996.

Requirements.
-------------

perl5.003 or later. (Probably OK with 5.002 but I can not test.)

For the current alpha version, 5.003_26 seems the best bet.
5.003 doesn't work completely any more.

PGPLOT module must be installed to access PGPLOT graphics.

saoimage or ximtool must be installed to display images with
these programs.

ReadLines/ReadKey modules must be installed for command line
editing and recall in 'perldl' shell.

To use PDL3D, you need the OpenGL-0.4 module and a OpenGL library
(either native or Mesa).

Building and Installation
--------------------------

Should be simply a matter of:

; perl Makefile.PL
; make
; make test
; make install

